# Weather Forecast ApplicationThis is  an android app, which can retrieve weather information based on their searching criteria andrender the searched results on dashboard screen## Software development priciple- S.O.L.I.D, DRY (Don't Repeat Yourself)## Design pattern & practice- Seperate model using in different layer: database entity, data layer, domain layer, presentation layer- Seperate component and provide dependency injection for each component- Architecture: Clean architecture## Folder structure- `data`: Contain database, api service, and repository. This provide data for above layer- `domain`: Contain usecases, entity and interface of repository. This execute business logic.- `presentation`: Contain UI component: activity, fragment, viewmodel ... This layer execute usecases and render result to UI - `extension`: This contain kotlin extension function- `utils`: This contain utility component such as GSonUtils, transformer ...## Apply Android library and framework- Android architecture component: ViewModel, Lifecycle, LiveData, ViewBinding, Room- Android Navigation component- Network: Retrofit- Async program: Kotlin coroutine and flow- Dependency injection: Dagger 2- Data converting: Gson## Require steps in order to  run application- Clone project from repository: xxx- Open project by android studio (4.x.x).- Build and install app into android phone or virtual machine.## Checklist- [x] The application is a simple Android application which is written by Java/Kotlin.- [x] The application is able to retrieve the weather information from OpenWeatherMapsAPI.- [x] The application is able to allow user to input the searching term.- [x] The application is able to proceed searching with a condition of the search term length must be from 3 characters or above.- [x] The application is able to render the searched results as a list of weather items.- [x] The application is able to support caching mechanism so as to prevent the app from generating a bunch of API requests.- [x] The application is able to manage caching mechanism & lifecycle.- [x] The application is able to handle failures.- [x] The application is able to support the disability to scale large text for who can't see the text clearly.- [ ] The application is able to support the disability to read out the text using VoiceOver controls.  - [x] Programming language: Kotlin.- [x] Design app's architecture: MVVM- [x] Apply LiveData mechanism- [x] UI should be looks like in attachment.- [ ] WriteUnitTests- [ ] AcceptanceTests- [x] Exceptionhandling- [x] Cachinghandling- [ ] SecureAndroidappfrom:	+ [ ] DecompileAPK	+ [ ] Rooteddevice	+ [ ] Data transmission via network	+ [ ] Encryption for sensitive information- [ ] Accessibility for Disability Supports:	+ [ ] Talkback: Use a screen reader.	+ [x] Scaling Text: Display size and font size: To change the size of items on your screen, adjust the display size or font size.- [ ] Entity relationship diagram for the database and solution diagrams for the components, infrastructure design if any - [x] Readme file includes:	+ [x] Brief explanation for the software development principles, patterns & practices being applied	+ [x] Brief explanation for the code folder structure and the key Java/Kotlin libraries and frameworks being used	+ [x] All the required steps in order to get the application run on local computer	+ [x] Checklistofitemsthecandidatehasdone.## Need to improve- Handle save  ViewState in ViewModel## About me[Kenv](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nguyenvanke96/)Email: kenguyen224@gmail.com